Added direct response topic (#249)
agentgateway/website: assets/agw-docs/pages/traffic-management/direct-response.md

1. Create an HTTPRoute resource that routes traffic with the `/` path.
   ```yaml
   kubectl apply -f- <<EOF
   apiVersion: gateway.networking.k8s.io/v1
   kind: HTTPRoute
   metadata:
     name: health-check
     namespace: {{< reuse "agw-docs/snippets/namespace.md" >}}
   spec:
     parentRefs:
       - name: agentgateway-proxy
         namespace: agentgateway-system
     rules:
       - matches:
           - path:
               type: PathPrefix
               value: /
   EOF
   ```

2. Create an {{< reuse "agw-docs/snippets/trafficpolicy.md" >}} resource with a `directResponse`. Traffic along the `/` path is not forwarded. Instead, a custom message is returned with the successful response.
   ```yaml
   kubectl apply -f- <<EOF
   apiVersion: agentgateway.dev/v1alpha1
   kind: {{< reuse "agw-docs/snippets/trafficpolicy.md" >}}
   metadata:
     name: health-response
     namespace: {{< reuse "agw-docs/snippets/namespace.md" >}}
   spec:
     targetRefs:
       - group: gateway.networking.k8s.io
         kind: HTTPRoute
         name: health-check
     traffic:
       directResponse:
         status: 200
         body: "Status: Healthy"
   EOF
   ```

   

> 3. Send a request along the `/status/404` path. Verify that your request succeeds, that you get back a 200 HTTP response code, and the custom message is included instead of returning a `404` error.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Send a request along the `/status/404` path of the httpbin app. Typically, this path returns a 404 HTTP response code. However, because you apply a direct response to this route, the request returns a 200 HTTP response code with a custom message instead as defined in your policy. Verify that you see the 200 HTTP response code with your custom message.  
```

Use the `directResponse` API to directly respond to incoming requests without forwarding them to services. Instead, you return a pre-defined body and HTTP status code to the client.

## About direct responses

When you configure a direct response, the gateway proxy intercepts requests to specific routes and directly sends back a predefined response. Common use cases include: 

* **Static responses**: You might have endpoints for which sending back static responses is sufficient.
* **Health checks**: You might configure health checks for the gateway. 
* **Redirects**: You might redirect users to new locations, such as when an endpoint is now available at a different address. 
* **Test responses**: You can simulate responses from backend services without forwarding the request to the actual service. 

### Limitations

Consider the following limitations before creating direct response resources in your cluster: 
* You cannot configure multiple direct response resources on the same route.

> * You cannot combine a direct response with other route actions on the same route.<!--For example, you cannot configure a direct response and a `RequestRedirect` filter or `backendRefs` rule at the same time.--> If multiple route actions are defined, the route is replaced with a 500 HTTP response code and an error message is shown on the HTTPRoute. 

Author: Removed.

<!--* DirectResponse resources can be referenced by using an `ExtensionRef` filter only. If specified in a `backendRef` filter, the DirectResponse configuration is ignored. 
* No status information is currently populated to the DirectResponse resource.
* The DirectResponse CRD currently does not show a description when you run `kubectl explain directresponse`. -->

### Schema validation
The following rules are applied during schema validation: 

> * The `body` field can have a size of up to 4KB. 

Author: Asked in Slack.
